[Music]
[Applause]
hey what's going on everybody sports
over here bringing you another cool halo
blind pack opening this is series 6 from
the halo Mega Bloks series very cool
right so I picked up a few packs of
these at Walmart they got five all
together I love collecting these I have
probably a hundred of these little
figures of all kinds
I don't do videos on every single one
that I get but so I figured I do when
it's been it's been a while since I did
a little blind bag opening for you guys
so let's go ahead and rip these open
real quick and see what kind of goodies
we get so I pre-cut these a little bit
just to help things out so we got this
one here make sure that's it oh this guy
looks pretty cool let's take a look at
this checklist real quick just so we
know what we're looking at here so there
you get you get the UNSC Spartan you get
Spartans all kinds of Spartans cobalt
Marines covenant jackal so the
ultra-rare is the red Spartan Grenadier
Grenadier sorry be a UNSC Spartan you OD
let's see so another rare is the cyan
covenant combat elite and let's see what
we got here we have so we can find this
guy's head we have the Covenant and
jackal which is a common so there's that
so we'll get him all put together and
I'll do a little thing at the end of the
video for you guys and then of course
there's the other information on there
so that's what we got all right let's
open this one here now I know that there
is mystery figures - there's always
mystery figures in these things so again
I don't pay attention to a lot of that
stuff I just see these in by them so
what do we get here we have it looks
like we got another jackal so now we got
doubles right away we got doubles lats
things and let's see what we get here
[Applause]
are you kidding me we hit a third one I
think I'm gonna have to give a couple of
these away now I need three of these so
we get three these jackals which it's
kind of disappointing actually all right
let's see we get number four number four
pack here trying something good
oh boy what is this it seems like an
awful lot going on here so we have this
what is this here purple body looks like
we have the UNSC Spartan let's see let
me find the head here that's what it
looks to be here well maybe not so there
is the head there tan head very cool so
we got all kinds of good easel and this
the thing is look kind of like huge and
then here is the last one and I should
have probably bought it should've just
bought more of course I just reached in
there and grabbed whatever and look at
that another jackal will talk about
disappointment right man so look at that
five packs then to see any kind of codes
on there at all so we got five packs and
we get four jackals you know that's not
a very cool breakdown I'm actually kind
of disappointed so maybe I should give
these away what do you guys think
all right so real quick I figured out
what was to deal with all those extra
parts going on in that one blind bag and
what it is is that and I actually got
two figures in here I got the elite and
I and I got the cobalt marine in one
pack so you very cool so I wasn't
expecting getting two in one pack so
that was actually kind of cool that's
never happened before I've gotten
several mystery figures over the past
couple years picking these packs up and
this is the first this is the first for
me opening it up and that's why I was
kind of confused initially I was like
alright what's going on
you know and it seemed like an awful lot
so my bad so there you go I got this guy
here and let me tell you this thing
looks so cool check that out so there's
a mystery figure right there
totally unexpected oh man I'm excited
about that but anyway I want to do a
quick giveaway I'm gonna give three of
these away I'm gonna keep one for myself
so if you're interested the first three
people to shoot me a PM post a comment
below or whatever I'll I'll let you have
these three little jackals back here but
anyway there you go
[Music]